migrating man in the middle article (#109)
section-io/engineering-education: articles/man-in-the-middle-attack/index.md

#### Decryption
- [HTTPS Spoofing](https://www.thewindowsclub.com/https-security-spoofing-man-in-the-middle/) - The attacker can send an SSL certificate containing the digital thumbprint of the user obtained from a compromised application. After that, the browser verifies it and approves, thus granting access to the attacker. The attacker fools your browser into believing it’s visiting a trusted website when it’s not. By redirecting your browser to an unsecured website, the attacker can check your interactions with that website and steal personal information you may be sharing.
- [SSL Hijacking](http://techgenix.com/Understanding-Man-in-the-Middle-Attacks-ARP-Part4/) - An attacker passes forged authentication keys to both the user and application during a TCP handshake. This sets up what appears to be a secure connection when, in fact, the man in the middle controls the entire session.

> - [SSL Stripping](http://techgenix.com/Understanding-Man-in-the-Middle-Attacks-ARP-Part4/) - It minimizes an HTTPS association with HTTP by intercepting the TLS authentication sent from the application to the client. The attacker sends a decoded form of the application's site to the client while maintaining the anchored session with the application. In the meantime, the client's entire session is open to the attacker.

Reviewer: `minimizes`, `associated`, `anchored session`. These feel like the wrong words. Wrong like a language translation tool might produce.

It might read better as the following, but still not sure if I correctly captured the intent.
```suggestion
- [SSL Stripping](http://techgenix.com/Understanding-Man-in-the-Middle-Attacks-ARP-Part4/) - It downgrades an HTTPS connection to HTTP by intercepting the TLS authentication sent from the application to the client. The attacker transfers an unencrypted form of the application's site to the client while maintaining the secure session with the application. In the meantime, the client's entire session is open to the attacker.
```

### Types of Man-in-the-Middle Attacks
- [Wi-Fi Eavesdropping](https://doubleoctopus.com/security-wiki/threats-and-tools/wi-fi-eavesdropping/) - Attackers set up Wi-Fi connections with very legitimate-sounding names, using similar names to a business nearby or evil twin tactics (when hackers mimic trusted public WiFi connections in the area). It will trick you into thinking that it is the same network that you have used in the past. Once a user connects to the attacker’s Wi-Fi, he/she will be able to watch the user’s online activity and intercept important information, such as login credentials and payment information.
- [Email Hijacking](https://doubleoctopus.com/security-wiki/threats-and-tools/email-hijacking/) - Attackers sometimes target email accounts of banks and other financial institutions. Once they gain access, they can check transactions between the institution and its customers. After that, they can spoof the institutions’s email address and send their own instructions to customers. This fools the customers into following the attacker’s instructions rather than the legitimate institution.

> - [Session Hijacking](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/Session_hijacking_attack) - Many websites store a “session browser cookie” on the user’s machine. This cookie is invalidated when the user logs off. However, while the session is active, the cookie provides identity, access, and tracking information. A Session Hijack occurs when an attacker steals a session cookie. This can happen if the user’s machine is infected with malware or browser hijackers. It can also happen when an attacker uses a cross-site scripting (XSS) attack – where the attacker injects malicious code into a frequently-used website.

Reviewer: "Firesheep" was the infamous example of MitM that helped encouraged people to mitigate this attack in the systems they build, might be a nice example to reference.

> ### How to prevent Man-in-the-Middle attacks?

Reviewer: `prevent` is too strong a word in the security community, we like `mitigate` or here probably `defend against`.

- Make sure that the websites you visit have HTTPS in front of the URL.
- Before clicking on emails, check the sender of the email.
- If you’re a website admin, you should implement HSTS.
- Set up an intrusion detection system (IDS).
- DO NOT make a purchase or send sensitive data on a public Wi-Fi network. If doing so, be sure to use secure VPN.
- If your website is using SSL, make sure you have disabled insecure SSL/TLS protocols. You should only have enabled TLS 1.1 and TLS 1.2

> - Don’t click on suspicious links or emails.

Reviewer: An increasingly popular pattern by security-conscious mail senders is they don't make their email links clickable and encourage users to type it, or visit the website independently to find the required content. This is good advice even for emails with clickable links.

> - Avoid installing unnecessary software or plugins, especially those that offer something for free. This reduces the likelihood that you install something that can install a MitM attack.

Reviewer: Should explain early in the article that `MitM` is the common abbreviation used.

> - Keep your system protected at all times.

Reviewer: Protected how? Suggest elaborating to "install updates" and "keep the firewall and antimalware software active"

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the suggestions @jstangroome 
How to correct these changes @hectorkambow ?
